Privacy Policy-Video Cutters
This app respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this app will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, this application will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This app will update this privacy policy from time to time. By agreeing to this Application Services Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Application Service Agreement.



Scope of application

a) the personal registration information you provide in accordance with the requirements of this application when you register for this application account;



b) the information on your browser and computer that is automatically received and recorded by the application when you use the application web service or access the web page of the application, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, use Data such as language, date and time of access, hardware and software feature information, and web page records you need;



c) User personal data obtained by the application from a business partner through legal means.



You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:



a) Keyword information that you enter when using the search service provided by this app;



b) Information about the information you have collected in this application, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;



c) Violation of the law or violation of this application and the actions that this application has taken against you.



Information use

a) This application does not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and this application (including the affiliates of this application) are either individually or jointly You provide the service, and after the service is over, it will be blocked from accessing all of this material that it has previously been able to access.



b) This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. Any user of this application platform who engages in the above activities, once found, the application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.



c) For the purpose of serving the User, the App may use the information you use to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to, to send you product and service information, or to share information with the App Partner so that they may You send information about its products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).



Information disclosure

In the following circumstances, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or the law:



a) disclose to third parties with your prior consent;



b) in order to provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties;



c) disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or at the request of the administrative or judicial authorities;



d) If you have violated relevant Chinese laws, regulations or this application service agreement or related rules, you need to disclose it to a third party;



e) If you are a qualified IP Complainant and have filed a complaint, it should be disclosed to the Respondent at the request of the Complainant so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;



f) In a transaction created on this application platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially fulfills the transaction obligation and makes a request for information disclosure, the application has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty of the transaction. To facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.



g) Other disclosures that this application considers appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.



Information storage and exchange

The information and materials collected by you in this application will be stored on the application and/or the servers of its affiliates, which may be sent to your country, region or the location where the application collects information and materials. It is accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.



Use of cookies

a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the app will set or access cookies on your computer.



So that you can log in or use this application platform service or feature that relies on cookies. This app uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services. b) You have the right to choose to accept or decline to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use this application web service or feature that relies on cookies.



c) This policy will apply to information obtained through the cookies provided in this application.



Information security

a) This application account has security protection function. Please keep your username and password information safe. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, not abused or altered by security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no “perfect security measures” on the information network.



b) When using this application web service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially if the application username and password are leaked, please contact this application customer service immediately so that the application can take corresponding measures.
